Hello and welcome to this Python tutorial.
So, we just trained our artificial neural network
on the training set, and now time to make the predictions
on the test set.
So, the good thing is that we have everything ready here,
we actually don't need to change anything
to make the predictions,
because even if we made this classifier object with Keras
and scikit-learn, well there is the same predict method
to make the predictions on the test set,
so we can directly select this line
and execute to get the predicted probabilities.
Great, so let's have a look.
Y_pred is here, let's double-click on it, here we go.
And that's all the probabilities
that the 2,000 customers of the test set leave the bank.
So, for example if we have a look at the first probability,
20%, well that means that this first customer
of the test set, indexed by zero here,
has a 20% chance to leave the bank.
So, making these predictions on the test set
will be interesting for us to evaluate the performance
of the model on new observations,
because the accuracy we obtained
in the previous tutorial,
with the accuracy on the training set.
But right now we're making some predictions
on new observations, and so it's very interesting
to see if this accuracy is going to be as good
as the one obtained on the training set.
And we'll get this accuracy on new observations
thanks to the confusion matrix
that we'll look at afterwards.
And then, if we get a good accuracy on the test set
that is close to 86%, the one that we obtained
on the training set, well that would validate the model.
And so next, what's very interesting to do
for the bank is to use this model
that we just validated thanks to the test set,
on the customers of the bank.
The bank will then be able to apply the model
on all the customers of the bank,
and by ranking the probabilities from the highest
to the lowest, it gets a ranking of the customers
most likely to leave the bank.
So then, for example, the bank can have a look
at the 10% highest probabilities of their customers
to leave the bank and so, make it a segment,
and then analyze in more depth
thanks to data-mining techniques,
to understand why the customers of this segment
are the most likely to leave the bank.
And so, overall, this artificial neural network
that we made creates a lot of added value for the bank,
because by targeting these customers most likely
to leave the bank, then the bank itself
can take some measures to prevent
these customers from leaving.
So now, let's hope our model is validated on the test set,
and so that's what we'll see right now,
thanks to the confusion matrix.
All right, so I'm going to press OK here,
and so let's have a look at the results
of the confusion matrix.
However, before we do this,
we must be careful with something.
This predict method here returns the probabilities
that the customers leave the bank,
and in order to use this confusion matrix,
we don't need the probabilities,
but we need the predicted results
in the form "true or false".
So we just need to do a little something here
to convert these probabilities into the predicted results
in the form "true or false", and to do this we need
to choose a threshold to decide
when the predicted results is one,
and when the predicted results is zero.
So we predict one over the threshold,
and we predict zero below the threshold,
and of course a natural threshold to take is 0.5, 50%.
In medicine we can take higher thresholds
if what we have to predict is sensitive information,
like for example if we have to predict
if a tumor is malignant, but here we're just predicting
if a customer is leaving or staying in the bank,
so a 50% threshold is fine,
and that's the threshold we'll choose here.
Alright, so the trick that we're going to use now
is to update our vector y_pred of predicted probabilities,
so equals, and then this trick is to
add some parentheses here,
and inside the parentheses we put "y_pred > 0.5".
And that syntax here is equivalent as
"if y_pred is larger than 0.5, then it returns true,
"and if y_pred is not larger than 0.5,
"then it will return false."
So let's check it out,
I'm going to select this line and execute.
Alright, so now y_pred is updated
and if we have a look at y_pred now,
we see that we get the results in the form "false or true",
so the five first customers of the test set
don't leave the bank, according to the model,
and customer number six in the test set leaves the bank,
according to the model.
Great, and so now, thanks to this form,
we can execute this code to get the confusion matrix.
So let's have a look,
I'm going to select these two lines here and execute.
Here we go, executed properly, and so now,
let's have a look at the results to see the number
of correct predictions, and the number
of incorrect predictions, and then eventually,
the accuracy on new observations.
So let's see.
So out of 2,000 new observations,
we get 1,550,
plus 175 correct predictions,
and 230 plus 45 incorrect preditions,
so that looks really good.
We will confirm that right now thanks to the accuracy,
so let's press OK here, and let's compute the accuracy,
We'll compute it here in the console.
So, the accuracy is the number of correct predictions
divided by the total number of predictions,
so let's see, we're going to put in parentheses,
first the number of correct predictions,
which was 1,550 plus 175 correct predictions,
and then we divide this number by the total number
of predictions in the test set, that is 2000.
And what do we get?
We get an accuracy of 86%, awesome.
On new observations, that is observations
on which we didn't train our artificial nerual network,
we get an accuracy of 86%, and besides,
we get this prediction without being an artist.
By that, I mean that we didn't do any parameter tuning,
so maybe we can still get an even better accuracy,
but 86% is really good, since it is the same,
high accuracy that we obtained on the training set,
but obtained here on the test set.
So, eventually, we can validate our model,
and now the bank can use it to make a ranking
of their customers, ranked by their probability
to leave the bank, from the customer
that has the highest probability to leave the bank,
down to the customer that has the lowest probability
to leave the bank.
So great, mission accomplished,
and congratulations for having built
your first artificial neural network.
That's the end of this section,
next section will be about evaluating,
improving and tuning the artificial neural network.
I'll just give you a little homework
in the next tutorial that will teach you how
to make a single prediction,
and the solution, and then we'll move onto the next section.
So, I look forward to seeing you there,
and until then, enjoy deep learning!